docs/user-guide/kubectl/kubectl_run.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: UNVERSIONED_WARNING -->

<!-- BEGIN STRIP_FOR_RELEASE -->

<img src="http://kubernetes.io/img/warning.png" alt="WARNING"
     width="25" height="25">
<img src="http://kubernetes.io/img/warning.png" alt="WARNING"
     width="25" height="25">
<img src="http://kubernetes.io/img/warning.png" alt="WARNING"
     width="25" height="25">
<img src="http://kubernetes.io/img/warning.png" alt="WARNING"
     width="25" height="25">
<img src="http://kubernetes.io/img/warning.png" alt="WARNING"
     width="25" height="25">

<h2>PLEASE NOTE: This document applies to the HEAD of the source tree</h2>

If you are using a released version of Kubernetes, you should
refer to the docs that go with that version.

<!-- TAG RELEASE_LINK, added by the munger automatically -->
<strong>
The latest release of this document can be found
[here](http://releases.k8s.io/release-1.2/docs/user-guide/kubectl/kubectl_run.md).

Documentation for other releases can be found at
[releases.k8s.io](http://releases.k8s.io).
</strong>
--

<!-- END STRIP_FOR_RELEASE -->

<!-- END MUNGE: UNVERSIONED_WARNING -->

## kubectl run

Run a particular image on the cluster.

### Synopsis


Create and run a particular image, possibly replicated.
Creates a deployment or job to manage the created container(s).

```
kubectl run NAME --image=image [--env="key=value"] [--port=port] [--replicas=replicas] [--dry-run=bool] [--overrides=inline-json] [--command] -- [COMMAND] [args...]
```

### Examples

```
# Start a single instance of nginx.
kubectl run nginx --image=nginx

# Start a single instance of hazelcast and let the container expose port 5701 .
kubectl run hazelcast --image=hazelcast --port=5701

# Start a single instance of hazelcast and set environment variables "DNS_DOMAIN=cluster" and "POD_NAMESPACE=default" in the container.
kubectl run hazelcast --image=hazelcast --env="DNS_DOMAIN=cluster" --env="POD_NAMESPACE=default"

# Start a replicated instance of nginx.
kubectl run nginx --image=nginx --replicas=5

# Dry run. Print the corresponding API objects without creating them.
kubectl run nginx --image=nginx --dry-run

# Start a single instance of nginx, but overload the spec of the deployment with a partial set of values parsed from JSON.
kubectl run nginx --image=nginx --overrides='{ "apiVersion": "v1", "spec": { ... } }'

# Start a single instance of busybox and keep it in the foreground, don't restart it if it exits.
kubectl run -i -t busybox --image=busybox --restart=Never

# Start the nginx container using the default command, but use custom arguments (arg1 .. argN) for that command.
kubectl run nginx --image=nginx -- <arg1> <arg2> ... <argN>

# Start the nginx container using a different command and custom arguments.
kubectl run nginx --image=nginx --command -- <cmd> <arg1> ... <argN>

# Start the perl container to compute π to 2000 places and print it out.
kubectl run pi --image=perl --restart=OnFailure -- perl -Mbignum=bpi -wle 'print bpi(2000)'
```

### Options

```
      --attach[=false]: If true, wait for the Pod to start running, and then attach to the Pod as if 'kubectl attach ...' were called.  Default false, unless '-i/--interactive' is set, in which case the default is true.
      --command[=false]: If true and extra arguments are present, use them as the 'command' field in the container, rather than the 'args' field which is the default.
      --dry-run[=false]: If true, only print the object that would be sent, without sending it.
      --env=[]: Environment variables to set in the container
      --expose[=false]: If true, a public, external service is created for the container(s) which are run
      --generator="": The name of the API generator to use.  Default is 'deployment/v1beta1' if --restart=Always, otherwise the default is 'job/v1'.  This will happen only for cluster version at least 1.2, for olders we will fallback to 'run/v1' for --restart=Always, 'run-pod/v1' for others.
      --hostport=-1: The host port mapping for the container port. To demonstrate a single-machine container.
      --image="": The image for the container to run.
      --include-extended-apis[=true]: If true, include definitions of new APIs via calls to the API server. [default true]
  -l, --labels="": Labels to apply to the pod(s).
      --leave-stdin-open[=false]: If the pod is started in interactive mode or with stdin, leave stdin open after the first attach completes. By default, stdin will be closed after the first attach completes.
      --limits="": The resource requirement limits for this container.  For example, 'cpu=200m,memory=512Mi'
      --no-headers[=false]: When using the default output, don't print headers.
  -o, --output="": Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|go-template=...|go-template-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath-file=... See golang template [http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview] and jsonpath template [http://releases.k8s.io/HEAD/docs/user-guide/jsonpath.md].
      --output-version="": Output the formatted object with the given group version (for ex: 'extensions/v1beta1').
      --overrides="": An inline JSON override for the generated object. If this is non-empty, it is used to override the generated object. Requires that the object supply a valid apiVersion field.
      --port=-1: The port that this container exposes.  If --expose is true, this is also the port used by the service that is created.
      --record[=false]: Record current kubectl command in the resource annotation.
  -r, --replicas=1: Number of replicas to create for this container. Default is 1.
      --requests="": The resource requirement requests for this container.  For example, 'cpu=100m,memory=256Mi'
      --restart="Always": The restart policy for this Pod.  Legal values [Always, OnFailure, Never].  If set to 'Always' a deployment is created for this pod, if set to OnFailure or Never, a job is created for this pod and --replicas must be 1.  Default 'Always'
      --rm[=false]: If true, delete resources created in this command for attached containers.
      --save-config[=false]: If true, the configuration of current object will be saved in its annotation. This is useful when you want to perform kubectl apply on this object in the future.
      --service-generator="service/v2": The name of the generator to use for creating a service.  Only used if --expose is true
      --service-overrides="": An inline JSON override for the generated service object. If this is non-empty, it is used to override the generated object. Requires that the object supply a valid apiVersion field.  Only used if --expose is true.
  -a, --show-all[=false]: When printing, show all resources (default hide terminated pods.)
      --show-labels[=false]: When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)
      --sort-by="": If non-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.
  -i, --stdin[=false]: Keep stdin open on the container(s) in the pod, even if nothing is attached.
      --template="": Template string or path to template file to use when -o=go-template, -o=go-template-file. The template format is golang templates [http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview].
  -t, --tty[=false]: Allocated a TTY for each container in the pod.
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --alsologtostderr[=false]: log to standard error as well as files
      --as="": Username to impersonate for the operation.
      --certificate-authority="": Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.
      --client-certificate="": Path to a client certificate file for TLS.
      --client-key="": Path to a client key file for TLS.
      --cluster="": The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use
      --context="": The name of the kubeconfig context to use
      --insecure-skip-tls-verify[=false]: If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.
      --kubeconfig="": Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.
      --log-backtrace-at=:0: when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace
      --log-dir="": If non-empty, write log files in this directory
      --log-flush-frequency=5s: Maximum number of seconds between log flushes
      --logtostderr[=true]: log to standard error instead of files
      --match-server-version[=false]: Require server version to match client version
      --namespace="": If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.
      --password="": Password for basic authentication to the API server.
  -s, --server="": The address and port of the Kubernetes API server
      --stderrthreshold=2: logs at or above this threshold go to stderr
      --token="": Bearer token for authentication to the API server.
      --user="": The name of the kubeconfig user to use
      --username="": Username for basic authentication to the API server.
      --v=0: log level for V logs
      --vmodule=: comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging
```

### SEE ALSO

* [kubectl](kubectl.md)	 - kubectl controls the Kubernetes cluster manager

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 15-Apr-2016

<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: GENERATED_ANALYTICS -->
[![Analytics](https://kubernetes-site.appspot.com/UA-36037335-10/GitHub/docs/user-guide/kubectl/kubectl_run.md?pixel)]()
<!-- END MUNGE: GENERATED_ANALYTICS -->

Commit message:

Clarify limit/requests flags in kubectl run

docs/user-guide/kubectl/kubectl_run.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: UNVERSIONED_WARNING -->

<!-- BEGIN STRIP_FOR_RELEASE -->

<img src="http://kubernetes.io/img/warning.png" alt="WARNING"
     width="25" height="25">
<img src="http://kubernetes.io/img/warning.png" alt="WARNING"
     width="25" height="25">
<img src="http://kubernetes.io/img/warning.png" alt="WARNING"
     width="25" height="25">
<img src="http://kubernetes.io/img/warning.png" alt="WARNING"
     width="25" height="25">
<img src="http://kubernetes.io/img/warning.png" alt="WARNING"
     width="25" height="25">

<h2>PLEASE NOTE: This document applies to the HEAD of the source tree</h2>

If you are using a released version of Kubernetes, you should
refer to the docs that go with that version.

<!-- TAG RELEASE_LINK, added by the munger automatically -->
<strong>
The latest release of this document can be found
[here](http://releases.k8s.io/release-1.2/docs/user-guide/kubectl/kubectl_run.md).

Documentation for other releases can be found at
[releases.k8s.io](http://releases.k8s.io).
</strong>
--

<!-- END STRIP_FOR_RELEASE -->

<!-- END MUNGE: UNVERSIONED_WARNING -->

## kubectl run

Run a particular image on the cluster.

### Synopsis


Create and run a particular image, possibly replicated.
Creates a deployment or job to manage the created container(s).

```
kubectl run NAME --image=image [--env="key=value"] [--port=port] [--replicas=replicas] [--dry-run=bool] [--overrides=inline-json] [--command] -- [COMMAND] [args...]
```

### Examples

```
# Start a single instance of nginx.
kubectl run nginx --image=nginx

# Start a single instance of hazelcast and let the container expose port 5701 .
kubectl run hazelcast --image=hazelcast --port=5701

# Start a single instance of hazelcast and set environment variables "DNS_DOMAIN=cluster" and "POD_NAMESPACE=default" in the container.
kubectl run hazelcast --image=hazelcast --env="DNS_DOMAIN=cluster" --env="POD_NAMESPACE=default"

# Start a replicated instance of nginx.
kubectl run nginx --image=nginx --replicas=5

# Dry run. Print the corresponding API objects without creating them.
kubectl run nginx --image=nginx --dry-run

# Start a single instance of nginx, but overload the spec of the deployment with a partial set of values parsed from JSON.
kubectl run nginx --image=nginx --overrides='{ "apiVersion": "v1", "spec": { ... } }'

# Start a single instance of busybox and keep it in the foreground, don't restart it if it exits.
kubectl run -i -t busybox --image=busybox --restart=Never

# Start the nginx container using the default command, but use custom arguments (arg1 .. argN) for that command.
kubectl run nginx --image=nginx -- <arg1> <arg2> ... <argN>

# Start the nginx container using a different command and custom arguments.
kubectl run nginx --image=nginx --command -- <cmd> <arg1> ... <argN>

# Start the perl container to compute π to 2000 places and print it out.
kubectl run pi --image=perl --restart=OnFailure -- perl -Mbignum=bpi -wle 'print bpi(2000)'
```

### Options

```
      --attach[=false]: If true, wait for the Pod to start running, and then attach to the Pod as if 'kubectl attach ...' were called.  Default false, unless '-i/--interactive' is set, in which case the default is true.
      --command[=false]: If true and extra arguments are present, use them as the 'command' field in the container, rather than the 'args' field which is the default.
      --dry-run[=false]: If true, only print the object that would be sent, without sending it.
      --env=[]: Environment variables to set in the container
      --expose[=false]: If true, a public, external service is created for the container(s) which are run
      --generator="": The name of the API generator to use.  Default is 'deployment/v1beta1' if --restart=Always, otherwise the default is 'job/v1'.  This will happen only for cluster version at least 1.2, for olders we will fallback to 'run/v1' for --restart=Always, 'run-pod/v1' for others.
      --hostport=-1: The host port mapping for the container port. To demonstrate a single-machine container.
      --image="": The image for the container to run.
      --include-extended-apis[=true]: If true, include definitions of new APIs via calls to the API server. [default true]
  -l, --labels="": Labels to apply to the pod(s).
      --leave-stdin-open[=false]: If the pod is started in interactive mode or with stdin, leave stdin open after the first attach completes. By default, stdin will be closed after the first attach completes.
      --limits="": The resource requirement limits for this container.  For example, 'cpu=200m,memory=512Mi'.  Note that server side components may assign limits depending on the server configuration, such as limit ranges.
      --no-headers[=false]: When using the default output, don't print headers.
  -o, --output="": Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|go-template=...|go-template-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath-file=... See golang template [http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview] and jsonpath template [http://releases.k8s.io/HEAD/docs/user-guide/jsonpath.md].
      --output-version="": Output the formatted object with the given group version (for ex: 'extensions/v1beta1').
      --overrides="": An inline JSON override for the generated object. If this is non-empty, it is used to override the generated object. Requires that the object supply a valid apiVersion field.
      --port=-1: The port that this container exposes.  If --expose is true, this is also the port used by the service that is created.
      --record[=false]: Record current kubectl command in the resource annotation.
  -r, --replicas=1: Number of replicas to create for this container. Default is 1.
      --requests="": The resource requirement requests for this container.  For example, 'cpu=100m,memory=256Mi'.  Note that server side components may assign requests depending on the server configuration, such as limit ranges.
      --restart="Always": The restart policy for this Pod.  Legal values [Always, OnFailure, Never].  If set to 'Always' a deployment is created for this pod, if set to OnFailure or Never, a job is created for this pod and --replicas must be 1.  Default 'Always'
      --rm[=false]: If true, delete resources created in this command for attached containers.
      --save-config[=false]: If true, the configuration of current object will be saved in its annotation. This is useful when you want to perform kubectl apply on this object in the future.
      --service-generator="service/v2": The name of the generator to use for creating a service.  Only used if --expose is true
      --service-overrides="": An inline JSON override for the generated service object. If this is non-empty, it is used to override the generated object. Requires that the object supply a valid apiVersion field.  Only used if --expose is true.
  -a, --show-all[=false]: When printing, show all resources (default hide terminated pods.)
      --show-labels[=false]: When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)
      --sort-by="": If non-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.
  -i, --stdin[=false]: Keep stdin open on the container(s) in the pod, even if nothing is attached.
      --template="": Template string or path to template file to use when -o=go-template, -o=go-template-file. The template format is golang templates [http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview].
  -t, --tty[=false]: Allocated a TTY for each container in the pod.
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --alsologtostderr[=false]: log to standard error as well as files
      --as="": Username to impersonate for the operation.
      --certificate-authority="": Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.
      --client-certificate="": Path to a client certificate file for TLS.
      --client-key="": Path to a client key file for TLS.
      --cluster="": The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use
      --context="": The name of the kubeconfig context to use
      --insecure-skip-tls-verify[=false]: If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.
      --kubeconfig="": Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.
      --log-backtrace-at=:0: when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace
      --log-dir="": If non-empty, write log files in this directory
      --log-flush-frequency=5s: Maximum number of seconds between log flushes
      --logtostderr[=true]: log to standard error instead of files
      --match-server-version[=false]: Require server version to match client version
      --namespace="": If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.
      --password="": Password for basic authentication to the API server.
  -s, --server="": The address and port of the Kubernetes API server
      --stderrthreshold=2: logs at or above this threshold go to stderr
      --token="": Bearer token for authentication to the API server.
      --user="": The name of the kubeconfig user to use
      --username="": Username for basic authentication to the API server.
      --v=0: log level for V logs
      --vmodule=: comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging
```

### SEE ALSO

* [kubectl](kubectl.md)	 - kubectl controls the Kubernetes cluster manager

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 22-Apr-2016

<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: GENERATED_ANALYTICS -->
[![Analytics](https://kubernetes-site.appspot.com/UA-36037335-10/GitHub/docs/user-guide/kubectl/kubectl_run.md?pixel)]()
<!-- END MUNGE: GENERATED_ANALYTICS -->
